Stop
You are Xu Wenqi
I thought...
How amazing you are, adults are nothing more than that
Are you from Jiuyou Pavilion?
You have good eyesight
My father interviewed the Pavilion Master of Jiuyou Pavilion
Zero three times I advise you
Let go of Shen Tingting
Let him go
Such a beautiful little cutie
How could I possibly put
After killing you
I want to enjoy it
I'll say it again.
If you let him go, I can leave you whole
What a big breath!
It stinks
Hand over the Shennong jade pendant
I might let this little monster go
It seems that you are not ready to take this opportunity
So be it.
I don't have to tell a dying man
So much, and your immortal father
I will also go to hell to accompany you to be presumptuous
It turned out to be just a congenital essence
Then I'll break up
Enough to kill you